// Could have a shorter & longer version of this

It is not easy to put together an accurate estimate for exactly how much energy is expended securing the ledgers of proof of work crypto currencies, however upper and lower bounds can be found quite readily by calculating the average number calculations required to find a valid block at the current difficulty level and then using this number to work out how much computational power is being used. This can be translated into energy usage by looking at the most and least energy efficient hardware available for mining. 

At the time of writing, Cambridge University estimates the total energy usage to be 146 TWh per year, with upper and lower bounds of 503 TWh and 46 TWh. This is double the estimated usage for this time last year. For comparison Ireland used 184 TWh of energy during the whole of 2019 and the UK 2,178 TWh; Bitcoin alone uses more energy than many entire countries do, factoring in other less popular crypto currencies and this energy usage only continues to add up. This is not a problem which can be easily solved, proof of work crypto currencies fundamentally rely on energy usage as their mechanism to secure the system - a reduction in energy usage means a reduction in security. The built in difficulty level means that even if a new more energy efficient piece of hardware was produced, over time the difficulty level would grow to compensate, negating any improvement. 

The energy used by Bitcoin and other proof of work crypto currencies is reason in itself to take action against them, however the environmental impact isn't limited to the energy usage. Bitcoin has reached the stage where it is no longer possible to perform the calculations required using standard computer hardware, in order to increase the speed at which ledger entries can be found, dedicated hardware designed specifically for this purpose has been created. Such hardware is only ever useful for the computations required to run the Bitcoin network and so cannot be repurposed for other uses when it reaches it's end of life. Improvements in the design and manufacturing processes for this hardware means that it can become obsolete in as little as 18 months. Continued operation of Bitcoin and other proof of work cryptocurrencies is set to generate thousands of tonnes of e-waste per annum, waste which would not be generated at anywhere close to the same rate by general purpose computing. As with energy usage this waste will increase as Bitcoin's popularity increases. 
