To <REPRESENTATIVE>,

I am writing to you as a constituent of <AREA> to express my concern over the
impact that the rise of digital crypto assets such as Bitcoin are having on
the environment, national security, and to investors.

As a concerned citizen I'm concerned about the lack of legislation to reign in
the harm these products are having on our constituency and on the country as a
whole.

<Personal details, such as your line of work and how you developed an interest in this issue>.

<If you are a supporter or donator to the party indicate this>.

Cryptocurrencies in their current form provide no useful benefits to end users
and lacking any serious potential they have turned into predatory financial
investments that disproportionately victimize the most financially vulnerable in
our society.

Unlike an investment into public companies, Bitcoin and other crypto assets
have no mechanism of producing economic value. The only reason Bitcoin is worth
anything is based on the collective belief that it will be worth more in the
future. This is clearly an unsustainable belief. However, people are being
deceived by widespread misinformation campaigns into "investing" large sums of
money into cryptocurrencies on the back of get rich quick promises. Those who
are fortunate enough to make substantial returns from cryptocurrencies are doing
so off the back of newer "investors" with the money they invest being used to
pay off those who invested earlier. This form of investment vehicle only serves
to siphon wealth from the public into the hands of insiders and is a form of
widespread financial scam.

In addition to being a predatory investment scheme, cryptocurrency networks
consume vast amounts of electricity tied to an enormous carbon footprint. The
consumption of these networks globally is equivalent to that of large European
countries like Ireland and this network provides no utility for this waste,
other than to enrich a few insiders through financial scams.

Finally, cryptocurrency is also used to facilitate the growing threat of
ransomware which is an extortion scheme that foreign actors, with interests
not-aligned with geopolitical interests of the United States, are using to
undermine public and private infrastructure. I am deeply concerned about the
impact these attacks will have on national security and our ability to protect
public infrastructure and safeguard our country against attack.

The vast downsides of this technology vastly outweigh any potential upside and
many citizens in both my profession and our constituency believe that these
problems can only be solved with strong regulation.

New laws and regulation are needed reign in these financial products
so that there are adequate investor protection and that those that are predatory
frauds or environmentally destructive can be legislated away through the
democratic process to protect citizens.

Thank you for your representation of the public concerns on this matter.

Kind Regards,
