To $REPRESENTATIVE,

I am writing to you as a constituent of $AREA to express my concern over the
impact that the rise of crypto assets such as "Bitcoin" are having on markets,
national security, and to investors like myself.

As a concerned citizen I'm concerned about the lack of investor safeguards to
reign in the harm these products are having on our markets and the country as a
whole.

> TODO: Personal details, such as your line of work and how you developed an interest in this issue

> TODO: If you are a supporter or donor to the party indicate this.

Cryptocurrencies in their current form provide no useful benefits to consumers
and lacking market controls they have turned into predatory financial
investments that have caused massive market distortions and introduce
unnecessary systemic risk to our economy.

Unlike an investment into a public companies, bitcoin and other crypto assets
have no mechanism of producing economic value, the only reason Bitcoin is worth
anything is based on the collective belief that it will be worth more in the
future.  This is clearly an unsustainable belief, however people are being
deceived by widespread misinformation campaigns into "investing" large sums of
money into cryptocurrencies on the back of get rich quick promises. Those who
are fortunate enough to make substantial returns from cryptocurrencies are doing
so off the back of newer "investors" with the money they invest being used to
pay off those who invested earlier. This form of investment vehicle only serves
to siphon wealth from the public into a cartel of insiders and is a form of
fraud.

Cryptocurrency is also used to facilitate the growing threat of ransomware which
is an extortion scheme that foreign actors, those not-aligned with geopolitical
interests of the United States, are using to undermine public and private
infrastructure. I am deeply concerned about the impact these attacks will have
on national security and our ability to protect public infrastructure and
safeguard our country against attack.

The vast downsides of this technology vastly outweigh any potential upside and
many citizens, in both my profession and our constituency, believe that this
these problems can only be solved with adequate controls to safeguard our
markets and national infrastructure.

I believe that new investor safeguards are needed are needed rein in these
financial products so that there is adequate investor protection, and that those
that are predatory frauds or environmentally destructive can be legislated away
through the democratic process.

Thank you for your representation of the public concerns on this matter.

Kind Regards,
